UNO Game Rules

Goal of the game
The goal of the classic UNO is to be the first player to score 500 points. The player who is the first
to place all his cards in his hand receives points per round. Points are awarded for all cards that the
other players still have in their hands (see Points).

Gameplay
The first game places a card from his hand on the discard pile. A card can only be placed on a card
of the same suit or the same number. The black cards are special action cards with special rules (see
action cards). If a player cannot place a matching card, he must draw a penalty card from the facedown pile. 
He can play this card again immediately, if it fits. If he does not have a suitable card, the
next player has the turn. The player who discards the penultimate card must play "UNO! (which
means "One") to signal that he only has one card left in his hand. If a player forgets this and another
player notices it in time (before the next player has drawn or discarded a card) he must draw 2
penalty cards. The round is won by the player who has discarded the last card. The points are added
up and a new round is played.

Actioncards
In the game there are black action cards with different functions, which are explained below.
DRAW TWO CARD
When this card is dealt, the next player must draw 2 cards and may
do not discard any cards in this round. This card can only be placed on a card of the
same suit or other draw two cards. If it is revealed at the beginning of the game, the
same rules apply.
RETOURE CART
With this card the direction of play changes. If you used to play to the left, you now
play to the right and vice versa. The card can only be placed on a corresponding colour
or another return card. If this card is drawn at the beginning of the game, the dealer
starts and then the player continues the game on his right instead of his left..
SUSPEND CARD
After this card has been dealt, the next player is "skipped". The card can only be placed
on top of another card of the same suit or on top of another drop card. If this card is
drawn at the beginning of the game, the player to the left of the dealer is "skipped" and
the player to the left of this player continues the game.
COLOUR SELECTION CARD
Der Spieler, der diese Karte legt, entscheidet welche Farbe als nächstes gelegt werden
soll. Auch die schon liegende Farbe darf gewählt werden. Ein Farbenwahl Karte darf
auch dann gelegt werden, wenn der Spieler eine andere Karte legen könnte. Wenn eine
Farbenwahl Karte zu Beginn des Spiels gezogen wird, entscheidet der Spieler zur
Linken des Gebers, welche Farbe als nächstes gelegt werden soll.
DRAW FOUR COLOUR SELECTION CARD
This card is the best. The player who lays it decides which colour to lay next. The next
player must also take 4 cards from the deck. He may not discard any card in this round.
Unfortunately, the card may only be laid if the player who has it does not have a card in
his hand that matches the colour on the discard pile. If the player has a card with the
corresponding number or action cards, the draw four colour choice card can still be laid.
A player who has a draw four colour choice card can bluff and place the card "illegally".
However, if he is "caught" doing so, certain rules apply (see penalty cards). If this card
is drawn at the beginning of the game, it is placed back on the pile and another card is
drawn.

Penalties
If no player does not follow the rules, he must draw one or more penalty cards. The rules are as
follows:
• UNO: If a player forgets to call UNO! after laying his penultimate card and the next player
has not yet played his card, he must draw a penalty card.
• Suggestions: If a player makes suggestions to his teammates as to what they should play, he
must draw two cards as a penalty.
• Mislaid: Anyone who plays a card when it is not his turn or who has played a wrong card
must take it up again and is also dealt a penalty card.
• The +4 may only be placed if the player cannot use the current suit, with the exception of
other action cards. If the player affected by the +4 believes that the card was played wrongly,
he may challenge the previous player. The previous player must then prove to him by
showing his cards that he was indeed unable to use the colour correctly. If he can confirm
this, the challenging player must now take 6 cards instead of 4. If, on the other hand, he has
been convicted of having played the +4 illegally, he must draw the 4 cards himself.

Point
The player who is the first to discard all his cards receives the following points for the cards his
fellow players still hold in their hands:
Card Value
Each Number Card respective value
Retoure Card 20 points
Suspend Card 20 points
Colour Selection Card 50 points
Draw Four Colour Selection Card 50 points
The first to reach 500 points wins the game..


